i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on friday %NUM% december %NUM% , and i would like once again to wish you a happy new year in the hope that you enjoyed a pleasant festive period .
although , as you will have seen , the dreaded 'millennium bug' failed to materialise , still the people in a number of countries suffered a series of natural disasters that truly were dreadful .
you have requested a debate on this subject in the course of the next few days , during this .
in the meantime , i should like to observe a minute' s silence , as a number of members have requested , on behalf of all the victims concerned , particularly those of the terrible storms , in the various countries of the european union .
you will be aware from the press and television that there have been a number of bomb explosions and killings in sri lanka .
one of the people assassinated very recently in sri lanka was mr kumar ponnambalam , who had visited the european parliament just a few months ago .
would it be appropriate for you , madam president , to write a letter to the sri lankan president expressing parliament's regret at his and the other violent deaths in sri lanka and urging her to do everything she possibly can to seek a peaceful reconciliation to a very difficult situation ?
yes , mr evans , i feel an initiative of the type you have just suggested would be entirely appropriate .
if the house agrees , i shall do as mr evans has suggested .
i would like your advice about rule %NUM% concerning inadmissibility .
my question relates to something that will come up on thursday and which i will then raise again .
the cunha report on multiannual guidance programmes comes before parliament on thursday and contains a proposal in paragraph %NUM% that a form of quota penalties should be introduced for countries which fail to meet their fleet reduction targets annually .
it says that this should be done despite the principle of relative stability .
i believe that the principle of relative stability is a fundamental legal principle of the common fisheries policy and a proposal to subvert it would be legally inadmissible .
i want to know whether one can raise an objection of that kind to what is merely a report , not a legislative proposal , and whether that is something i can competently do on thursday .
that is precisely the time when you may , if you wish , raise this question , i .
on thursday prior to the start of the presentation of the report .
madam president , coinciding with this year' s first of the european parliament , a date has been set , unfortunately for next thursday , in texas in america , for the execution of a young %NUM% man who has been sentenced to death .
we shall call him mr hicks .
at the request of a french member , mr zimeray , a petition has already been presented , which many people signed , including myself .
