declare resumed the period of sessions of parliament , european discontinued the friday <unk> of december past , and reiterate to his ladies my desire of which have had a good holiday .
like all have been check , the great effect of year <unk> the don’t has produced .
in exchange , the citizens of sundry of our countries have been victims of natural disasters truly terrible .
his ladies have requested a debate about the theme for the upcoming days , in the course of this period of sessions .
to the wait of which the will , of deal with many colleagues who me it have order , that i do a minute of hush in memory of all the victims of the storms , in the different countries of the unión european affected .
i to all to us than we of foot to save a minute of silence .
parliament , of foot , guard a minute of will you by the press and the televisión that the have produced a series of explosions and murder in sri lanka .
one of the people who have recently murdered in sri lanka has been the mr .
ponnambalam kumar , who makes few months visited the european parliament .
fitting that you , lady chairwoman , write a letter the president of sri lanka expressing the condolence of parliament by this and other violent deaths , asking that do everything it possible to find a reconciliation peaceful suede the extremely difficult situation that is living your country ?
yes , lord evans , feed that an initiative as the that you just of suggest would very proper .
if the assembly is of agreement , i it that the lord evans just of suggest .
like me that me your on the article about <unk> to the inadmissibility .
my question the refers to a subject of which the will the thursday , day than in back to raise .
the cunha report on the programs of address multiannual the presents the parliament the thursday and contains a proposition in the paragraph <unk> in lathe to a form of penalties based on quota that must be to the countries that don’t with its annual targets of reduction of fleet .
the report stipulates that the must be to regret of principle of relative stability .
i that the principle of relative stability is an legit fundamental principle of the policy fishing community , by it that a proposition that it would is legally impermissible .
want know if the can do this kind of objection to which it is only a report , don’t a proposed legislative , and if is something that can pose the thursday .
their member , if so it wishes , will pose this issue at this moment is , say , the thursday before that of the present the report .
lady chairwoman , coinciding with the first period of partial sessions of this year of european parliament , regrettably , in the united states , in texas , the has set for the next thursday the execution of a condemned to the pena capital , a young of <unk> years that yearold with the name of hicks .
